[theme music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Rhaenys Velaryon]
It's been near six years
since I last saw
my lord husband. maester.
I must know... will he live?
[Maester Kelvyn] He led his sailors
into an ambush.
A ship made to look
as if it were abandoned.
In the fighting. his neck was slashed
by a corsair's dagger.
He fell overboard into the sea.
The wound was severe.
Much blood was lost.
But the greater concern
is the fever that followed.
The ship's maester said
he burns from within.
[sighs]
The ravens came in from?
[Maester Kelvyn] Evenfall. Princess.
So they arrive in three days.
Let all be made ready to receive him.
Maester Kelvyn.
- The Sea Snake is strong.
- [Rhaenys Velaryon] Hmm.
[Vaemond] No doubt.
And yet. I have seen blood fever
overcome men half his age.
I will not suffer the talk
of crows in my house. Vaemond.
I love my brother...
but we must be honest with ourselves.
We may greet his ship to find him gone.
And who will take the Driftwood Throne?
My grandmother seems
quite comfortable here.
She presides only in the absence
of her husband.
On his death. the seat passes.
To Lucerys Velaryon.
As is my lord husband's desire.
I am the Sea Snake's own blood.
the closest kin he has left.
Be careful. good-brother.
One could take your words for treason.
I speak the truth. Rhaenys.
And you know it.
The matter has been decided.
[Vaemond] By a man whose ambition
has brought down on us
calamity after calamity.
My brother cares only
for the history books.
But what of the Velaryon line?
Is it to be snuffed out.
supplanted by the pups of House Strong?
Driftmark is mine by all rights.
And while I should like your support.
I do not need it.
The winds have shifted.
The Crown has good reason
to take my side.
My cousin the King
would have your tongue for this.
But it's not a king who sits
the Iron Throne these days. good-sister.
It's a queen.
[dramatic music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[man breathing heavily]
[thuds]
[squishing]
[hissing]
[man breathing heavily]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[speaking Valyrian]
[door creaks]
[Jacaerys in English] The Conqueror and
his sisters sailed with a great army.
[maester speaking Valyrian]
[Jacaerys in English] And landed
at the Blackwater Rush.
[speaking Valyrian]
[Jacaerys speaking Valyrian]
[in English] At the end?
- The mouth.
- Mouth!
Oh. come on. Jace. you knew that.
[Jacaerys speaking Valyrian]
[both speaking Valyrian]
[speaking Valyrian]
[Jacaerys in English] Come on. Jace.
- Perhaps that's enough for this morning.
- No. no. I want to keep going.
Maester.
[maester speaking Valyrian]
[Jacaerys in English] Aegon... ordered
that the trees should be...
- ...killed.
- [Rhaenyra] Felled.
It is a related word.
I don't expect you to learn
High Valyrian in a day. Jace.
[sighs] A king should honor
the traditions of his forbears.
Well... unless you're planning
to depose your own mother.
you have plenty of time to study.
[door slams open]
Leave us.
Joffrey... come.
He means to call into question
Luke's legitimacy.
And by extension. Jace.
and by extension.
my own claim to the throne.
Vaemond cares only about Driftmark
and the Velaryon line.
Not about our politics.
Has he made common cause
with Otto Hightower yet?
Mmm. This is what I fear.
Rhaenys has flown to court.
Surely. she cannot
be planning to back him.
No. Whatever disagreements
we may have had.
she's not cruel...
- or stupid enough to do that.
- Disagreements?
She believes we had her son killed
so that we might marry.
Yes... and yet.
she's taken Baela to ward.
Yes. It is Laena's memory she honors.
She has no love for us.
[Prince Daemon exhales]
Has the vipers' venom spread so far?
Those vipers rule in my father's name.
And my father...
[sighs]
What choice do I have?
[exhales]
To King's Landing. then.
[dramatic music playing]
[carriages rattling]
[guard] All hail Rhaenyra
of House Targaryen.
Princess of Dragonstone
and heir to the Iron Throne
and her royal consort.
Prince Daemon Targaryen.
[bell tolling]
[horse whinnying]
Welcome back. Princess.
Lord Caswell.
I would say it's nice to be home.
but I scarcely recognize it.
[Prince Daemon] Hmm.
[Lord Beesbury] We have continued
to enjoy improved customs duties
since the settling of the Stepstones.
And the extent to which we exploit those
is contingent on
the harbor master's receipts.
Of which. um. [clicks tongue]
uh. the septons have requested
half that again for a bronze bust
they wish to commission
- for the Festival of the Mother...
- [sighs]
...which I would not recommend.
Thank you for that exhaustive
accounting. Lord Beesbury.
I remind you...
[footsteps approaching]
Your guests have arrived. Your Grace.
I trust they've been welcomed
as befits their station.
[Harrold] As you instructed.
Lord Hand.
It was my understanding Lord Corlys
wished for his grandson Lucerys
to succeed him as Lord of the Tides.
The boy has been raised most of his life
away from Driftmark.
He can fly a dragon. yes.
but can he command a fleet?
Ability does not alter his claim.
The Sea Snake has never
formally named him as heir.
if it comes to that.
The Crown must choose
what is best for the realm.
He is Laenor's son.
What grounds could there be...
What indeed. Lord Beesbury.
What indeed.
We shall hear
Princess Rhaenyra's petition.
along with those of the other claimants
on the morrow.
- [indistinct]
- I do beg your pardon. my lords.
I must greet our guests.
Shall we levy a tax
on the sale of new wool?
[Ser Erryk] Your Grace...
a matter has arisen
that requires your attention.
Whatever it is. Ser Arryk.
it'll need to wait.
- I'm Erryk. Your Grace.
- Of course. My apologies. ser.
It's about the Prince.
There's been a delicate situation
in his apartments.
[Viserys I wheezing
and whimpering]
Father?
[continues whimpering]
[breathing heavily]
- Who goes there?
- [Rhaenyra] Father.
It's me. my king.
Rhaenyra.
[Viserys I sighs]
I'm here with Daemon.
[breathing heavily] Daemon?
Daemon?
Daemon.
Help me up.
[groans]
Oh...
[exhales]
It has been so long.
The Sea Snake has taken a grave wound
in battle in the Stepstones.
[breathing heavily] When?
We won that war years ago.
No.
The Triarchy is resurgent.
The fighting is anew.
There's... There is a petition to decide
upon the succession of Driftmark
and the heir to the Driftwood Throne.
[Viserys I sighs]
Petitions?
Alicent and Otto...
they see to all that business now.
No. brother. listen to me.
You are to affirm
your position for Lucerys...
to be Corlys Velaryon's successor.
[door creaks open]
[Viserys I] Has something happened
to Lord Corlys?
Father...
there's someone we wish
to introduce you to.
[breathing heavily]
[child babbling]
Daemon.
Brother.
[child babbling]
Who is that?
[Rhaenyra] Father...
this is Aegon.
[Viserys I] Aegon.
And this... is Viserys.
[Viserys I breathing heavily]
Viserys.
Now that is a name fit for a king.
[Viserys I and Rhaenyra laugh]
Oh...
Oh. oh...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm so...
[children crying]
I'm sorry. I'm sor...
Please.
- My tea. My tea.
- What tea? This?
Yes. Yes.
Yes.
- [children crying]
- [gulping]
Ah!
[Viserys I groaning]
[crying]
[Talya] I brought her here immediately.
She's seen no one else. Your Grace.
Come here. sweetling.
[door closes]
[whimpers]
Tell me your name.
[breath trembling]
It's Dyana. Your Grace.
[sniffles]
If it please you.
Dyana. What a pretty name.
I understand you've found
yourself in some trouble.
I was fetching the Prince his wine.
and I put it on his table.
and when I turned...
I didn't see him.
I asked him to stop. Your Grace.
[sobbing] I did. truly...
you must believe me.
[breathing heavily]
[Alicent sighs]
[shushes]
Thank you for telling me. Dyana.
[Dyana sobbing]
I know it wasn't your fault.
I believe you.
You do?
I do.
But what I worry about...
is what others might believe.
You were alone with the Prince.
were you not?
Yes. I...
And no one else saw what happened
between the two of you.
If anyone else were to hear about this...
I haven't told anyone.
You told Ser Erryk
and Talya and now me.
And though I believe
you are not to blame.
others might not be so trusting.
[Dyana sobbing]
They might think you were trying
to besmirch the Prince. or worse...
that you're the sort of girl
that might have enticed him
in the first place.
And you know what happens
to girls like that.
[crying] I wouldn't dream of breathing
another word to anyone. Your Grace.
[crying]
I swear it on my life.
I know you won't.
For your troubles.
[door opens]
[door closes]
The tea. Your Grace.
It's best to be certain.
[breath trembling]
[Dyana gulps]
[Alicent] Get up.
Aegon!
Get up!
[groans]
Mother?
- What is it? [groans]
- "What is it? What is it?
What is it?"
That's all you can say for yourself?
Has something happened?
Dyana.
[Aegon Il] Hmm?
[Alicent] The serving girl.
[sighs]
For the gods' sake.
The girl. Aegon. The one
you sent fleeing from your company.
[Aegon Il] Oh. it was just harmless fun.
She didn't need to go
and get upset about it.
Think of the shame on your wife. on me.
How can you keep carrying on like this.
especially on a day like today?
[sighs] Why? What is it today?
[sniffles]
You are no son of mine.
[exhales]
I did not ask for this.
I've done everything you've asked me to.
and I try so...
I try so hard. but it will never
be enough for you or Father.
[door opens]
Have you seen Dyana?
She's supposed to dress the children.
He looks like a different person.
I believe we should also
consult Maester Gerardys.
Perhaps if he could see the King.
he'd suggest a different...
Princess Rhaenyra.
And Prince Daemon.
[Prince Daemon] Hmm.
It has been so long since we were
granted the joy of your presence.
Indeed. Your Grace.
Though not long enough
to merit a greeting upon our arrival.
I'm sure the Queen
had pressing business. my love.
What can either of us
know of ruling a kingdom?
I do not rule. as you well know.
My father and I are mere
stewards of the King's will and wisdom.
[Prince Daemon] And how exactly
is that wisdom expressed?
Hmm?
In blinks and wheezes?
I'd be surprised if he could remember
his own name.
- Or if you could.
- King Viserys's condition
- has worsened since you saw him last.
- [scoffs]
It subjects him to considerable pain.
- On the advice of the maesters...
- Oh. the maesters.
Of course. It is they who keep him...
addled on milk of the poppy
while the Hightowers warm his throne.
Rhaenyra. if you would
see him without it.
- almost blind with suffering.
- Oh.
Alicent. I have no doubt
it was an act of the purest mercy.
but tell me. for the King's suffering.
did the maesters also prescribe
the removal of Targaryen heraldry
and the installation in its stead
of various statues and stars?
The emblems of the Seven serve only
- to guide us on an uncertain path.
- [clicks tongue]
- To remind us of a higher authority.
- And on the morrow.
which authority will sit in judgment
of my son's claim
on his own inheritance?
- That would be mine... and the Hand's.
- [Prince Daemon] Ah.
But be assured.
the Father is just and commands me
to forget the accusations
you have hurled in this room today.
- Smaller than I remember.
- It looks exactly the same.
Oh. Luke. come on.
[swords clashing]
- [swords clashing]
- [men grunting]
See? I told you
this would still be here.
And you thought you could swing
Criston's morningstar.
And you almost took your own head off.
- What's your problem?
- Everyone's staring at us.
Yeah!
No one would question me
being heir to Driftmark...
if...
if I looked more
like Ser Laenor Velaryon
than Ser Harwin Strong.
It doesn't matter what they think.
- [swords clashing]
- [people cheering]
- [swords clashing. swishing]
- [clattering]
- [grunts]
- [swishing]
[clinking]
[grunting]
[whooshing]
- [swords clashing]
- [both grunting]
[people exclaiming. clapping]
Well done. my prince.
You'll be winning tourneys
in no time.
I don't give a shit about tourneys.
Nephews...
have you come to train?
[man] Open the gate!
[rumbling]
[dramatic music playing]
[footsteps marching]
[Otto] Hold your nerve. my queen.
What we do.
we do for the good of the realm.
I must confess a certain uneasiness
now this is at hand.
- He may yet live.
- But we must be prepared if he does not.
[chair scrapes]
The realm has enjoyed a long peace.
a credit to the work of both
Jaehaerys and Viserys.
but the threat of war looms
and may arrive on our shores.
When it does.
will you want a child at the command
of the greatest fleet in Westeros?
Oh. we must. of course...
act in the interest of our subjects.
The next Lord of the Tides
will be deeply in your debt. Your Grace.
As will Driftmark...
in all its strength.
[bell tolls at distance]
[Rhaena] Grandmother?
Rhaena.
Baela said you might be here.
She's done well as your ward.
You've. um...
raised her admirably.
You honor me. Princess.
Might I speak
to the Princess alone. Rhaena?
Princess.
I wondered for many an hour
what your purpose was in coming here.
Whether you'd speak for or against
the suit brought by Ser Vaemond.
But then. I realized...
you intend to advocate for yourself.
[thunder rumbling]
This is no fair proceeding.
It is a trap set by the Queen
and the Hand. I'd wager.
to proclaim my son illegitimate.
Yet you did worse than that with Laenor.
Did you not?
[inhales deeply]
I loved your son.
You may not believe it
to be true. but I did.
I did not order his death.
Nor was I complicit in it.
I swear this to you.
I'll make you an offer.
Back Luke's claim.
and let us betroth
Laena's children to mine.
Baela will be
Queen of the Seven Kingdoms
and her sons
will be heirs to the throne.
Rhaena will rule in Driftmark. and...
the seat will pass to her and Lucerys's
children in time.
A generous offer.
- Or a desperate one.
- What does it matter?
[scoffs]
You are right in this. at least.
It does not matter.
[tense music playing]
You can bargain with me all you like.
Bring my granddaughter
with you to soften my resolve.
But tomorrow.
the Hightowers land their first blow.
They force you to your knees...
and I must stand alone.
[footsteps departing]
[exhales]
- [thunder rumbling]
- [rain pattering]
[thunder rumbling]
[Viserys I wheezing]
Alicent?
Alicent...
No. it's Rhaenyra. Father.
Rhaenyra.
[mumbles]
"The Song of Ice and Fire."
Do you believe it to be true?
Aegon's dream.
You told me
it was our duty to hold
the realm united against a common foe.
By naming me heir.
you divided the realm.
[Viserys I groaning]
I thought I wanted it.
But the burden is a heavy one.
[softly] It's too heavy.
[exhales deeply]
My...
My only child.
If you wish me to bear it.
then defend me.
And my children.
[breathing heavily]
[weakly] It's...
- [Viserys I whimpers]
- [thunder rumbling]
[Rhaenyra cries]
[bell tolling]
[wheezing]
[Viserys I] I want to have supper. Otto.
- It is the morning. Your Grace.
- Tonight.
The whole of my family
are gathered at the Red Keep.
I want us to dine together.
[groans]
[groaning in pain]
[continues groaning]
Bring milk of the poppy.
[Viserys I wheezing]
[softly] No.
[breathing heavily]
Just arrange the supper.
[people chattering indistinctly]
[Otto] Though it is the great hope
of this court
that Lord Corlys Velaryon
survive his wounds.
we gather here with the grim task
of dealing with
the succession of Driftmark.
As Hand. I speak with
the King's voice on this
and all other matters.
The Crown will now hear the petitions.
Ser Vaemond of House Velaryon.
[Vaemond] My queen.
My lord Hand.
The history of our noble houses
extends beyond the Seven Kingdoms
to the days of Old Valyria.
For as long as House Targaryen
has ruled the skies.
House Velaryon has ruled the seas.
When the Doom fell on Valyria.
our houses became
the last of their kind.
Our forebearers came to this new land.
knowing that were they to fail.
it would mean the end
to their bloodlines and their name.
I have spent my entire life on Driftmark
defending my brother's seat.
I am Lord Corlys's closest kin.
his own blood.
The true. unimpeachable blood
of House Velaryon runs through my veins.
As it does in my sons.
the offspring of Laenor Velaryon.
If you cared so much
about your house's blood. Ser Vaemond.
you would not be so bold as
to supplant its rightful heir.
No. you only speak for yourself
and for your own ambition.
You will have chance to make
your own petition. Princess Rhaenyra.
Do Ser Vaemond the courtesy
of allowing his to be heard.
What do you know
of Velaryon blood. Princess?
I could cut my veins and show it to you
and you still wouldn't recognize it.
This is about the future
and survival of my house. not yours.
My queen. my lord Hand.
This is a matter of blood. not ambition.
I place the continuation of the survival
of my house and my line above all.
I humbly put myself before you
as my brother's successor...
the Lord of Driftmark
and Lord of the Tides.
Thank you. Ser Vaemond.
Princess Rhaenyra. you may now speak
for your son. Lucerys Velaryon.
If I am to grace this farce
with some answer.
I will start by reminding the court
that nearly 20 years ago. in this very...
[guard] King Viserys of House Targaryen.
the First of His Name.
King of the Andals and the Rhoynar
and the First Men.
Lord of the Seven Kingdoms
and Protector of the Realm.
[orchestral music playing]
[groans]
[breathing heavily]
I will sit the throne today.
Your Grace.
[Viserys I groans]
[Viserys I straining]
I will be fine. I will be fine.
[pants]
[crown rattles]
I said I'm fine.
Come on.
[Viserys I groaning]
[Prince Daemon] Steady.
[Viserys I straining. groaning]
[Viserys I breathing heavily]
[pants] I must... admit... my confusion.
I do not understand
why petitions are being heard
over a settled succession.
The only one present...
who might offer keener insight
into Lord Corlys's wishes
is the Princess Rhaenys.
Indeed. Your Grace.
It was ever my husband's
will that Driftmark
pass through Ser Laenor
to his trueborn son...
Lucerys Velaryon.
His mind never changed.
Nor did my support of him.
As a matter of fact.
the Princess Rhaenyra
has just informed me of her desire
to marry her sons Jace and Luke
to Lord Corlys's granddaughters.
Baela and Rhaena.
A proposal to which I heartily agree.
[Viserys I] Well...
the matter is settled.
Again.
I hereby reaffirm
Prince Lucerys of House Velaryon
as heir to Driftmark.
the Driftwood Throne.
and the next Lord of the Tides.
[wheezes]
You break law...
and centuries of tradition
to install your daughter as heir.
Yet you dare tell me...
who deserves
to inherit the name Velaryon.
No.
I will not allow it.
"Allow it"?
Do not forget yourself. Vaemond.
That is no true Velaryon.
and certainly no nephew of mine.
Go to your chambers.
You have said enough.
Lucerys is my true-born grandson.
And you...
are no more
than the second son of Driftmark.
You... may run your house
as you see fit...
but you will not decide
the future of mine.
My house survived the Doom
and a thousand tribulations besides.
And gods be damned...
I will not see it ended
on the account of this...
Say it.
[wheezing]
Her children...
are bastards!
[indistinct chatter]
And she...
is...
a whore.
[people gasp]
I...
will have your tongue for that.
[people gasp]
He can keep his tongue.
- Disarm him!
- No need.
[Viserys I groaning in pain]
- [Alicent] Call the maesters!
- Father?
Please. my love.
You must take something for the pain.
I will not cloud my mind.
[breathing heavily]
I must put things right.
[groaning]
[melancholy music playing]
The body will be ready for its return
to Driftmark on the morrow. my lady.
You may wish to leave the Silent Sisters
to their work.
It is ill luck to look
upon the face of death.
[Rhaenys Velaryon sighs]
The Stranger has visited me more times
than I can count. Grand Maester.
I assure you...
he cares little whether my eyes
are open or closed.
[indistinct chatter]
[door creaks open]
[chairs scraping]
How good it is
to see you all tonight...
together.
[grunts]
- Prayer before we begin?
- Yes.
May the Mother smile down
on this gathering with love.
May the Smith mend the bonds
that have been broken for far too long.
And to Vaemond Velaryon.
may the gods give him rest.
This is an occasion for celebration.
it seems.
My grandsons. Jace and Luke.
will marry their cousins.
Baela and Rhaena.
further strengthening the bond
between our houses.
A toast to the young princes...
- and their betrothed.
- Hear. hear!
Well done. Jace.
You'll finally get to lie with a woman.
Let us toast as well Prince Lucerys...
the future Lord of the Tides.
Hear. hear.
You'll be great.
You do know
how the act is done. I assume?
At least in principle?
Where to put your cock and all that.
Let it be. cousin.
You can play the jester if you wish.
but hold your tongue
before my betrothed.
[Aegon Il] Hmm.
[grunts]
[cutlery rattles]
It both gladdens my heart
and fills me with sorrow
to see these faces around the table.
The faces most dear
to me in all the world...
yet grown so distant from each other...
in the years past.
[sighs]
[crown clicks]
[thuds]
My own face...
is no longer a handsome one...
[chuckles softly]
if indeed it ever was.
But tonight...
I wish you to see me as I am.
Not just a king...
but your father.
Your brother.
Your husband...
and your grandsire.
Who may not. it seems...
walk for much longer among you.
[rattles]
Let us no longer hold
- ill feelings in our hearts.
- [bangs]
The Crown cannot stand strong
if the House of the Dragon
remains divided.
- But set aside your grievances.
- [bangs]
If not for the sake of the Crown...
then for the sake of this old man
who loves you all
so dearly.
[sighs]
[metal clatters]
[breathing heavily]
I wish to raise my cup
to Her Grace. the Queen.
I love my father.
But I must admit
that no one has stood...
more loyally by his side
than his good wife.
She has tended to him with...
unfailing devotion.
love. and honor.
And for that. she has my gratitude...
and my apology.
[chair creaks]
[glass thuds]
Your graciousness
moves me deeply. Princess. [sniffles]
We are both mothers
and we love our children.
We have more in common
than we sometimes allow.
I raise my cup to you and to your house.
You will make a fine queen.
[Aegon Il clears throat]
I. um...
I regret the disappointment
you are soon to suffer.
But if you ever wish to know
what it is to be well satisfied.
- all you have to do is ask.
- [thuds. rattles]
Jace.
To Prince Aegon and Prince Aemond.
We have not seen each other in years.
but I have fond memories
of our shared youth.
And as men. I hope we may
yet be friends and allies.
To you and your family's
good health. dear uncles.
[Lucerys sips]
[grunts]
To you as well.
Beware the beast beneath the boards.
Well done. my boys.
I would like to toast
to Baela and Rhaena.
They'll be married soon.
It isn't so bad.
Mostly he just ignores you...
except sometimes when he's drunk.
[scattered laughter]
[chuckles]
- Good.
- Let us have some music.
[music starts playing]
[Lucerys] Excuse me.
[giggling]
[laughs]
[indistinct chatter]
[sighs]
- [Alicent] Guards.
- [Viserys I groaning]
[Alicent] Please. sit down.
[smirks]
[chuckles softly]
- [bangs]
- [music stops]
Final tribute.
To the health of my nephews.
Jace...
Luke...
and Joffrey.
Each of them handsome. wise...
- strong.
- Aemond.
[Aemond] Come...
let us drain our cups to these three...
- Strong boys.
- I dare you to say that again.
Why? 'Twas only a compliment.
- Do you not think yourself Strong?
- [grunts]
- [Rhaenyra] Jace!
- [Alicent] That is enough!
[grunts]
Why would you say such a thing
before these people?
I was merely expressing how proud I am
of my family. Mother.
Mmm. Though it seems my nephews
aren't quite as proud of theirs.
[Prince Daemon] Wait. wait!
[Rhaenyra] Go to your quarters.
All of you go. now.
[sighs in exasperation]
[Aemond] Hmm.
Rhaenyra.
It's best. I think.
if we go back to Dragonstone.
You've only just arrived.
Let me see the children home.
I'll. um...
return on dragonback.
The King and I would both like that.
[suspenseful music playing]
It's been quite a night
at the castle. it seems.
Yes. my lady.
[Viserys I groaning]
Come on. come on.
[sips]
- That's it.
- [gulps]
[groaning]
Oh...
Well done.
- I'm sorry.
- [shushes]
I'm sorry.
[shushes]
But you wanted to know...
if I believe it to be true.
Believe what to be true. my king?
Don't you remember?
Aegon...
Our son?
His dream.
The Song of Ice... and Fi...
It is true.
What he saw in the North.
The Prince That Was Promised.
I don't understand. Viserys.
[Viserys I breathing heavily]
The Prince.
Prince Aegon?
To unite the realm
against the cold... and the dark.
It is you.
You are the one.
You must do this.
[wheezing]
[Alicent shushes]
[sniffles]
[sighs]
[Alicent blows candle]
I understand. my king.
[Viserys I wheezing]
[groaning in pain]
[weakly] No more.
No more.
[wheezing]
My love.
[somber music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-